you
hey guys welcome back to jurassic
collectables we love bringing new
dinosaur figure reviews and collectible
reviews and today we've got something
very exciting for you it's this guy here
it's the ankylosaurus from Papo it's a
very detailed looking figure and even
from through the bag you can see it
looks fantastic so without further ado
let's crack him out of the bag now we
have a range of dinosaur figures on this
channel so if you have just come across
this channel and go and check out the
rest of the thing you'll find some
videos that you'll really enjoy
especially in the Papo line ok so here
we have the ankylosaurus out of the bag
and what cracking a little sculpt it
looks really really good ok let's give
them a little 360 so he is actually
quite reminiscent of the ankylosaurus
that we see in Jurassic Park 3 just a
little bit and actually the ankylosaurus
doesn't have a big role in the film he
just kind of saunters by in a few shots
but yeah very very nice sculpt looking
really good look at that underside
fantastic ok so let's get a closer look
at this guy
starting off with the head you can see
straight away that this Papo dinosaur
has quite a glossy feel quite a wet look
and usually I prefer the dinosaurs to
have like a matte finish but it's not
too much of a gripe because the paint
job is absolutely fantastic look at
these range of colors all sorts of
different Browns and beiges and there's
a really nice sort of sense of a wash
going on in all the nooks and crannies
especially in these horns coming back
from the head a really nicely painted I
love the way they do this dark line
around the eyes it really brings out the
color then on the interior of the mouth
you can see a sculpted tongue there and
also the roof of the mouth has been
sculpted you can't really see it in this
light but it has been sculpted too you
can see the protective arm of the head
on the top there and then as we carry on
down the body you can
see is prickly shoulder there a nice
attention to detail and a nice sense of
compression in this upper arm meeting
the lower arm very nice and then you can
see all these beautiful sculpted horns
going along the back each with their own
wash and probably my favorite part of
this dinosaur is this area here I love
the way they've painted this and know
that I've seen this on an alligator or
crocodile or something but the way
they've done these little dots gray da
ting into this beige really feels
realistic it's such a nice detail might
be of some sort of lizard or something
but it's just my favorite attention to
detail is that part there underneath you
can see we've got this really nice sort
of lizard like skin you can really see
the muscles here as well you can see the
pecs here they've paid particular
attention to detail to make sure that
these scales are not even you can see
here they're really tight and small and
here they're really spread out as they
would be in the natural world and I'm
quite a lot of dinosaur toys you see the
scales quite or regular and even and
Papua really paitent a nice attention to
detail to make sure that doesn't happen
you can see the skin here is being
pulled away from the body it's really
nice very dynamic pose just lovely
variation of color all the way down this
leg just nice sense of contrast really
nicely painted toe claws and then as we
go back you can see all these lovely
scales and horns on the back and then we
go up to the club the famous club which
the entire source would have used for
defense look at that fantastic really
nice and then as we come back down you
can see all this beautiful scaling nice
protective armor there and again nice
musculature on the back leg there
and you can really feel the tension in
the skin being pulled across the body
really really nice and again just a
beautiful eye on this side look at that
unfortunately the
always not articulated so you can't open
and close the mouth and although there
is a seam for the head Derry does not
turn and neither do any of the legs but
we've come to expect that from Papa
because we're getting such a quality
figure that we don't expect too much
articulation okay so it's size
comparison time let's bring in the prop
Oh Oviraptor now this one has been
reviewed on the channel and he comes
complete with a an egg he has stolen
from a nest although there was a lot of
controversy about that on the channel to
go and check out that video there's lots
of comments you've been telling me that
he may not have stolen eggs so I do
appreciate the feedback it's always
interesting to hear from you and we're
going to bring in the ankylosaurus so
you can see the ankylosaurus comes to
about the same height as the Papo of a
raptor but is a little bit longer just a
tiny amount and is quite considerably
more chunky which you would come to
expect so there we have it guys that was
today's look at the pop oh and kylo
Saurus I think this is a tremendously
detailed figure the only thing that I
feel let sit down a little bit is the
fact that the skin is sort of like this
even gloss all over but I really love
the attention to detail that they've
paid with all the armor and all these
lumps and bumps all over the body
it's a beautiful sculpt and a beautiful
paint scheme okay guys
will you be picking this one up do you
own it already let me know your thoughts
about this figure and the meantime rate
comment and subscribe and I'll see you
in the next video
you